Unfortunately, with LinkedIn ads, you're
already starting at a disadvantage where
costs of media are three to five times
more expensive when compared to a
channel like Meta. In this video, I'm
going to cover what I would do to
generate ROI fast on LinkedIn ads. If
you're new to the channel and you're
wondering who is this guy and why should
I listen to him, I'm the founder of
Aciverion. We teach 8,000 plus B2B
marketers how to master ads and we
manage over $3 million a month in ad
spend for top B2B SAS brands. and
LinkedIn is one of our most popular
channels that we invest. So, you are in
the right spot. Let's go ahead and get
this started with the whiteboard of
truth. Bear with my handwriting. If
you're new to the channel, then brace
yourself. And the first thing I just
want to set expectations on is what is
winning look like on LinkedIn? Because
LinkedIn is completely different from
any other platform for context. the way
you win at meta ads, YouTube ads, Reddit
ads, very different philosophy than how
you actually win at LinkedIn ads. And I
alluded this into the intro of today's
video, but like with LinkedIn, you're
already starting at a disadvantage.
Costs are dramatically more expensive in
terms of CPM, CPCs on LinkedIn compared
to other channels where you can get much
more distribution at a cheaper cost.
However, one of the biggest advantages
of LinkedIn is the ability to target
precisely. For context, you can target
based on job titles, functions,
companies, company sizes. You can target
based on member traits, member skills.
The list goes on with the ability to get
hyperfocus on who you want to actually
go after. So, for example, when you are
running ads on something like meta, what
you're really trying to do is you are
trying to burn the ocean. The same is
true with YouTube and other high
distribution, lowcost channels. And
really, the ocean is your total
addressable market, right? You're really
just building massive audiences. You're
leaning into the algorithm and you're
saying, "Hey, Meta, hey YouTube, etc. Do
your thing, find my customers, find the
best people, and you're just really
casting this wide net." When it comes to
LinkedIn, you can't afford to do this.
It's too expensive. This works on Meta
because on Meta the average CPM is
between5 and $8, right? Really cheap.
When you're talking about LinkedIn, the
average CPM can be anywhere from $30 to
$200 depending on the size of your
audience. Much different story. So with
LinkedIn, the first thing you want to
understand is you do not want to burn
the ocean. What you want to do is you
want to burn the pond. So for example
like let's say and and these little
circles represent opportunities or
pockets. So for example like let's say
this total circle here represents your
maximum audience size and let's say
you've got a million people in this list
right? So you've got a million people in
this audience. It's massive right here.
However, maybe this is like a little
pocket of 50,000 users and then this is
another pocket of 100,000 users. And
what we're trying to do with LinkedIn is
we are trying to hyperfocus
on the pockets that make the most sense
for our business. So, for example, if
you're just getting started, start by
targeting an account list of companies
that make the most sense for your
business in terms of industries, past
win rates, and then go after the
decision makers that are more likely to
enter the sales process and convert.
That's an example of targeting a pocket
within a larger audience of how you're
going to find traction faster and get
ROI sooner. So with this foundational
knowledge in place, let's go ahead and
segue now to the first thing that I
would do to generate ROI fast. The first
thing I would try is acceleration
campaigns. So acceleration campaigns, if
you're not familiar with it,
acceleration campaigns are where you're
running ads against open opportunities.
So if you're a salesled organization,
you have deals that happen in terms of
meetings. Those meetings get qualified
and opportunities created and then
you're trying to close the deal over
time. And the cool thing about
acceleration campaigns is they do not
require a lot of budget. So these are
low budget for the most part because
it's predicated on how many open
opportunities you actually have in your
sales process. The other really cool
thing about acceleration campaigns is
they can actually improve win rates and
shorten sales cycles. We've we've done
some testing and we've seen this. So for
context, what we're doing with
acceleration campaigns is we are
promoting things like social proof where
we are basically showing testimonials,
case studies, these kind of things
against open opportunities and we're
just trying to reinforce that we are the
best solution and they should consider
us. The second thing we're doing is
objection handling. So we're launching
ads that are preemptively trying to
handle objections in the sales process.
So, for example, if pricing is a big
objection, maybe we're promoting like a
pricing calculator to try to overcome
that objection. This is where we are
proactively running ads against our open
opportunities and it's some of the best
ROI to be had because who easier to
convert into revenue than the people who
are already talking to your sales team
today. So, acceleration campaigns,
highly recommend it. Give it a shot and
only target your open opportunities. The
second thing I would do to drive ROI
fast is I would run conversation ads,
but specifically I would run remarketing
conversation ads. So, if you're not
familiar with conversation ads, they are
a message placement that goes inside
your inbox. And with conversation ads,
what you can do is you can create a
conversation, right? No, no pun
intended. So basically with conversation
ads, we found through testing,
conversation ads typically have a higher
conversion rate compared to other ad
formats on LinkedIn. So for example, if
we're comparing conversation ads against
image ads or video ads, we typically see
conversation ads specifically in
remarketing do really well because we
can give some more context. We can set
up different workflows around the chat
conversation and it typically just
converts at a higher rate. So, whatever
audience you have available today,
people are finding you some way, shape,
or form, whether it's through organic,
social media, referral, word of mouth,
etc. What you want to do is you want to
make sure you're retargeting that
traffic, and then you're sending these
personalized messages to try to get them
to convert into the next best step based
on your business. Just wanted to take a
quick second and say if you're loving
this video, you will absolutely love our
free courses at adconversion.com.
You can sign up for free and you can get
access to our courses on Google ads,
Reddit ads, LinkedIn ads, B2B
advertising foundations and more. And
seriously free. If you don't believe us,
just check out our reviews. You can see
our wall of love. Our mission with Ad
Conversion is to build the one place
where you can go to master B2B
advertising without getting ripped off
in the process and you can learn from
qualified people. So, if you're loving
this video, definitely check us out. The
third thing I would do to generate ROI
fast on LinkedIn ads is I would get to
work on building a no-brainer offer.
This is something that we see B2B
companies dramatically struggle with. If
you're watching this and you are um SMB
e-commerce, this might not be as big of
a problem for you, but essentially what
a no-brainer offer is is a no-brainer
offer is a lead magnet. It's something
that we are offering our audience that
allows us the opportunity to convert
them earlier in their process, build
brand affinity and trust, add goodwill,
add value, but more importantly, the
no-brainer offer sets our solution as a
logical next step. So, for example, here
we have a webinar that we're promoting
for cyber security and we're talking
about how we drove a million dollars in
pipeline in 90 days. So in practice,
what I would do on LinkedIn ads is I
would take this offer. I would run ads
against a very specific list of
companies of cyber security companies
that I have vetted. I'd go after the
decision-m decision makers and the
champions of those lists that I think
could influence the sales process. And
what I would do is instead of me going
to this audience and just saying like,
hey, do you need an ad agency? you know,
come reach out to us, which again
probably won't convert very well because
discrepancy, right? Like they're not
ready for that. Timing is always a
factor. Instead, what I can do is I can
promote this no-brainer offer. They
would convert on that. And then what I
can do is they convert on the no-brainer
offer and then I try to drive them to
the next thing that I ultimately want,
which is actually scheduling a demo. So,
let me show you what this looks like in
practice. On the front end, we're asking
for the absolute bare minimum of
information. And then from there we are
multi-step qualific uh qualifying
through through multi-step qualification
to get more understanding of if it's a
sales prospect that we'd want to
consider. And then from there what we're
doing is we're saying hey would you be
interested in taking the next step which
is actually booking a demo. And if
they're not that's totally fine but then
they consume the content and then
finally it's like great let's take that
next step and let's book the demo. So,
this is an example of building a
no-brainer offer and then creating a
conversion funnel off the back of it to
try to convert more cold traffic into
revenue opportunities for us. Um,
definitely could do a whole course and
training just on this one point. But the
main thing I want to stress here is you
will never get paid social LinkedIn ads
specifically to work if you are just
pushing a demo request on a first touch
on cold traffic. I don't care if you
bought the the list from Zoom Info or
Six Sense or you name the intent
provider. It is cold traffic. They might
have some level of intent. May or may
not. Honestly, highly doubt it. But they
don't know you. They don't have an
affinity with your brand. They don't
trust your brand. They're not familiar
with your brand. So, what you need to do
is you need to show them you can help
solve their problem. Add value upfront.
and then over time try to connect the
dots from what you help solve with the
problems they're experiencing. The
fourth thing I would do to generate ROI
fast from LinkedIn ads is I would run
founder thought leadership ads. If
you're a founder watching this, you have
a massive advantage because you can
really tell your story. You can get
potential users excited and thought
leader ads is an incredible ad format to
just tap into a lower cost of media. So
for context, we're seeing dramatically
lower CPN, CPCs for thought leader ads
compared to single image ads. In
addition to that, the engagement rates
are dramatically higher. It's a really
incredible format to take advantage of
to get low cost on a channel like
LinkedIn, which is very traditionally
expensive. Now, specifically, what I
would do with founder thought leader ads
is I would do video content. So for
context, we launched our SAS tool called
Sammy about 60 days ago now. And Sammy
is an ad automation platform. It helps
you build automated workflows to
optimize your ads 24/7. And Sammy as an
ad automation platform like there's a
lot of things you can do and people will
interpret that in different ways. So
what we're doing is we are creating
specific videos that speak to specific
use cases. So for example, like this is
one post where I'm talking about an
automated workflow that we created in
Sammy around pausing boring LinkedIn
ads. based on engagement rates. So I'm
walking through walking people through
the platform and then what I'm doing is
in the footer of the post I'm saying PS
when you're ready try Sammy free for 14
days and then I'm driving them to our
website. So this is a really great way
to drive users to your products. So, if
you're a SAS company listening to this,
this works really well for PLG that
we're finding so far. And it allows you
again to just tap into like that lower
distribution cost with the thought
leader ad format. And then specifically
using the video, it also allows you a
tremendous opportunity to just drive
more brand affinity and trust to educate
people on the problems you solve and how
your product actually solves it. So if
somebody watches this video and then
they go convert and they become a free
trial user of Sammy, their chances of
not just becoming a paid user, but
retaining would be dramatically higher
versus somebody that had no educational
content beforehand, right? Because this
could be a separate video, but churn
happens in the sales process first and
foremost, right? If you're salesled, it
happens in the expectation setting. If
you're productled, it happens in the
context that they have before taking the
trial. So, founder thought leader ads
are incredible at generating ROI fast.
Okay. The last thing I would do if I
wanted to generate ROI fast from
LinkedIn ads is a onetoone ABM pilot.
This is where you want to work directly
with sales and you want to say, "Hey,
what are our top 30 to 50 accounts that
if we closed at least one of them, it
would make this entire ABM initiative
worth it and successful." For context,
the way we define ABM is it's sales and
marketing working together to try to
drive opportunities in a list of
companies that matter for the business.
So, it's sales and marketing working
together. And going back to the analogy
that I talked about in the beginning of
this video is with LinkedIn ads, we are
trying to go after very specific subsets
of users that we can drive ROI faster
with because the cost of media is
typically much more expensive. So, we
have to go more targeted to offset that
so we have higher response rates. These
are examples of ads for onetoone ABM
campaigns just to give you some
inspiration. And when you're running a
onetoone ABM campaign, what you can do
is you can set up one campaign for one
specific company. And then in your
actual ad creative, you can call out
that company. So for example, here from
user gems, you can see they're calling
out Gamma specifically saying if they
want to automate outbound. In this
example here, you see Mix Panel calling
out PayPal. Uh in this example here you
see open sesame calling out workday and
so on and so forth. So what you're doing
is you are creating personalized
campaigns one per company. This is why
if you do a onetoone motion it's for the
first time you want to limit the amount
of companies that you're going after.
And then sales should also be
outreaching to these same accounts. And
by taking that collective effort and
really from an attribution standpoint
you're focusing on closing the deal more
so than assigning credit. This is an
easier way to for you to generate ROI
faster because you can prove with the
small cohort of accounts that you're
going after. What does the impact of ads
actually make for contacts? What is the
impact of ads on the connect rate from
sales, the open rates from those
outbound emails? Um what are the
responses in terms of the ads
themselves, right? Depending on what
you're promoting. So, all of this can
help you just generate ROI faster
because you're going after a very small
subset of accounts or users that matter
most for your business versus just
diluting your budget and spreading
yourself out way too much. I hope this
video was valuable. Be sure to give this
video a thumbs up. It really helps us
grow our reach as a small channel. And
subscribe so you can be notified of
future videos. When you're ready, check
us out at adconversion.com and join our
community of 8,000 plus BD marketers and
master ads with our free courses. Thanks
so much. See you in the next